[opening theme music playing]
[ominous music playing]
[Seo Yul] Can a soul shifter
who's run wild
truly turn back into a human being
with treatment?
We are not treating him
to turn him back into a human being.
We're merely trying to return him
to consciousness
long enough to talk to him.
So we're not trying to turn him back then.
Once they have run wild,
soul shifters are not human.
They're monsters.
[Jin] They'll either feed off
the energy of human beings,
or be petrified. It's one or the other.
There's no way to stop them running wild.
[sighs]
The ice stone.
I heard the ice stone
has the power of Hwansu.
Couldn't we stop them with that power?
It's possible. But…
that's a power that should be forbidden
to all mankind.
[thunder rumbles]
[lightning crackles]
[thunder rumbling]
It seems like it's going to rain.
The energy of the Soul Ejector
we didn't get to use
will soon be washed away
in the coming rainstorm.
Can that energy
really just disappear in the rain?
The power of the ice stone
came from the skies.
So that power can be taken away
by the skies as well.
[thunder rumbles]
[loud rumbling]
[wind whooshing]
[Jin Mu] Was that child
trying to summon the power of the skies
to destroy the ice stone?
[sighs]
Jin Bu-yeon.
If she were alive,
she would have become a great priestess
who could even control
the energy of the sky.
[enigmatic music]
You're all right.
Look at me. I'm all right too.
You didn't run wild.
[thunder rumbles]
[epic music]
The ceiling above the basin is open.
-[Jang Uk] Is it not always open?
-[Mu-deok] No.
It might look like it's open,
but he said that it is actually closed.
Who did? Your father?
He said that the ceiling…
could only be opened
by a constellation recorder mage.
So how is it open?
Uh, regardless,
I think we did something wrong here.
[Jang Uk] Uh, what happened?
[Mu-deok] It was me.
I just did it.
My energy seeped into the water.
Like at Lake Gyeongcheondaeho
and in the Mirror of Longing.
My energy came back as well.
[thunder rumbles]
[Jang Uk gasps]
[lightning crackles]
[suspenseful music playing]
What do you mean lightning?
There was a loud noise
from the Constellation Basin room.
Jang Uk and Eunuch Kim
are in there now, aren't they?
It's the Soul Ejector.
I've seen that dark energy before
in the alchemy of souls.
[Mu-deok groans]
What is it?
I can't see, it's just like
when I came out of the mirror
I feel dizzy and nauseous.
Jin Mu will be back soon.
We need to get out of here.
Oh, right. The doors.
[sighs]
The doors are sealed with energy,
the basin's damaged,
and the soul shifter is dead.
[sighs]
This is a mess.
There's another exit for servants
right next to the basin.
I remember using it
with my father when I was little.
Even if we use it,
we're still in Cheonbugwan.
[Jang Uk] You cannot see,
and I don't know any way around.
If we get lost,
the mages of Cheonbugwan will catch us.
If we stay here, Jin Mu will kill us.
I'm not strong enough to defeat him.
[tense music playing]
I'm going to call a savior to help us.
-A savior?
-Yes.
With a fluttering heart,
he's going to run here immediately.
This savior of mine.
[Go Won exhales]
[somber music playing]
[yin-yang jade chiming]
Jang Uk, you must be mad.
There was a noise from the main room.
Yes, sir. We didn't go in there
since you told us not to.
Yeom-su, follow me, everyone else,
guard the door.
Jang Uk somehow broke the barrier
and escaped.
[Yeom-su] Sir.
The basin…
How did they damage the basin?
I'll find him.
Jang Uk will not leave here alive.
Make sure you're not seen.
And move the body
to the Secret Room first.
[Yeom-su] Yes, sir.
Seal every exit out of Cheonbugwan.
And find Jang Uk and his maidservant.
If they try to fight back,
you may kill them.
[soldiers] Yes, sir.
Jang Uk will never find his way
out of this labyrinthine place.
He'll get lost and be caught.
Unless…
maybe he knew he would get lost
and decided to hide instead.
You almost fooled me.
[Jin Mu] Are you here?
I noticed you broke
the water barrier I made.
Why don't I make one with fire next time?
If you're completely surrounded
by a fire perhaps,
that will convince…
you to show yourselves.
[Jang Uk]
Convince me like you did earlier,
instead of just threatening.
Why should I do that
when I have nothing to lose?
You're a trespasser
who damaged the precious basin,
and I, as Assistant Gwanju of Cheonbugwan,
have a duty to get rid of you.
You're being pretty harsh
to a guest who came with gifts.
Is it because you're angry that we turned
your friend back there into stone?
What friend?
I don't remember seeing anyone here
but you two except myself.
Ah, so you're planning to hide that rock.
[Jang Uk] But how?
-You will be caught.
-[Jin Mu] That won't happen.
Because you and your maid
will soon be dead.
Now show yourself.
Come on out!
[thrilling music playing]
[panting]
Hey.
Did you see it too?
A bolt of lightning just struck
near Cheonbugwan.
Cheonbugwan's right next
to the royal palace.
I should go and see
if everyone's all right.
The bolt was enormous.
I hope Jin Mu got hit by it.
That scoundrel.
[Heo Yeom chuckles]
[foreboding music continues]
It is a pity.
I bet you came in to look around,
dreaming of the day
you would be the Gwanju.
But to die on your first visit…
[Jin Mu] You're an unlucky man.
It's such a shame.
If I were to die,
you would have easily become
the actual Gwanju.
Too bad, you won't be able to kill me.
What?
Have you heard of the yin-yang jade?
A red jade and a blue jade make a pair.
If you fill one with energy,
the other one will react to it.
If they're nearby each other,
the two will be drawn together,
no matter what.
So what?
Of the two pieces,
your pupil, the Crown Prince
has the blue jade.
[Jin Mu] That's a nice jade.
[Go Won] I got it for ten gold toads.
Is it valuable?
So what if he has it?
Well, you see,
I had the matching red jade.
And I filled it with energy,
so the Crown Prince…
is on his way here to find it.
[snickers]
What?
You want to kill me and take it from me?
I thought you would,
so I hid it somewhere else already.
I filled the red jade
with energy and I hid it
in the robe of the eunuch
who was petrified.
[thrilling music playing]
[Jang Uk] The Crown Prince is probably
heading for that hunk of rock right now.
Imagine how he would react
when he sees it though.
Oh… I think he'll be quite shocked.
[Go Won] Cheonbugwan.
Jang Uk is somewhere inside.
Rather than killing me,
perhaps you should go stop
Crown Prince first.
[Jin Mu snickers]
Until I take care of this matter,
you will not be able
to leave this place anyway.
-Where is he?
-Inside the Secret Room.
[Yeom-su] On your order,
I'll take him outside.
Where…
Not here. That bastard fooled me again.
[Jin Mu growls]
Excuse me, sir.
We tried not to let anyone in,
but we had no choice.
Is the Crown Prince here by chance?
Yes.
So he wasn't lying about the jade.
So tell me.
Is it really true a eunuch serving
the royal family was a soul shifter?
And you tried to kill Uk
to keep that a secret.
It's just a misunderstanding, sire.
[suspenseful music playing]
[loud rumbling]
You even tried to
use my maid as prey for that soul shifter.
You better have a good excuse
if you wanna call this a misunderstanding.
Are you asking about Cho Chung,
the man who used to work
as a constellation recorder mage
at Cheonbugwan?
I heard Jang Gang of this house
and Cho Chung were very close.
That's true.
They've always been very good friends.
[maid Kim] He visited our home often.
He made funny jokes,
and he was a warm-hearted man.
Cho Chung got involved in sorcery,
and it wiped out his entire family.
He was such a good man.
It's still so hard to believe
that such a thing happened.
I understand he had a daughter as well.
Did you know her?
Yes, I remember.
She was always by her father's side.
They were very close too.
I heard she also disappeared in the chaos.
I'm sure…
she didn't survive.
What makes you so sure that she's dead?
Master Jang Gang tried to find her
for a very long time.
Unless someone was purposely
hiding that young child,
why else wouldn't he have found that girl?
Madam Do-hwa died.
And his best friend was destroyed.
Master Jang was not
in his right mind back then.
As if he blamed himself
for both of their deaths.
He was in such great agony.
He left home
to find his friend's daughter,
so I thought he would come back
after he found her.
But…
would he really be gone for over 20 years
just trying to find a little girl?
I'm starting to worry
that maybe he hasn't come back
for another reason, you see.
If he had found the child 20 years ago
when he started looking,
she would not have had quite
such a difficult life.
And Jang Gang would not have had
to feel so guilty
after all those years either.
Why guilty?
Are you suggesting that Master Jang Gang
wronged his best friend Cho Chung
in some way?
Punishing someone who practiced sorcery
would be the right thing to do
for any mage in this case.
No matter how close they may have been,
it was not wrong of Master Jang
to do that.
You can't just do what's right
or what's wrong based merely
on the things that you can see.
There's a hidden reason
and a forgotten story,
and they get tangled together
to form the ties that bind us.
Are you implying
that the Cho family
is still holding a grudge
against the Jang family
for what happened to them?
Is there…
someone from the Cho family
who holds a grudge against this household?
Has Songrim finally found that girl
after all these years?
That little girl…
is dead.
Ah.
I understand.
That poor thing.
I should hold a memorial service.
Maidservant Kim.
-You're very warm-hearted.
-It's not a gesture of kindness.
I'm worried that her spirit will stay here
to hurt Young Master Jang.
That's the only reason.
What if her soul really is here?
What if it's lingering
near the young master?
I'll get rid of it, of course.
How could I let it linger
if it's obviously an evil spirit?
Evil spirit.
[inhales deeply]
Do you know where Mu-deok is now?
Mu-deok?
I sent her to Cheonbugwan
to run an errand.
You're all right? Are you able to see?
Yes, I can see fine now.
[Mu-deok] And you?
Are you injured, young master?
[Jang Uk] I'm all right.
What does it mean when two people
share a pair of tokens?
That they're married or lovers.
Your Royal Highness, Songrim's leader
is here just as you ordered.
[thrilling music playing]
You came to Cheonbugwan
to give the Assistant Gwanju
honey biscuits?
Yes, I heard you two argued over that.
[Jang Uk] Maidservant Kim said
he'll hold a grudge over a food,
so I brought him a gift
she sent out of concern.
What a feeble excuse that is.
The leader of Songrim
and Assistant Gwanju of Cheonbugwan
fighting over honey biscuits?
Even if that were true,
why would you be in the main room
by the constellation basin
instead of just leaving?
I wanted to see the constellation basin
of Cheonbugwan.
However, I ended up seeing something
I shouldn't have.
[ominous music playing]
Are you certain
that you saw a soul shifter?
Yes. And he trapped me inside the barrier
to cover it up
and left Mu-deok
to be the soul shifter's prey.
These lies are unfounded.
Jang Uk entered the main room
of Cheonbugwan without permission
and he damaged the constellation basin.
Now that he finds himself in trouble,
he's making up this ridiculous excuse
about seeing a soul shifter.
I'm sure I saw a soul shifter.
My servant Mu-deok and I both saw it.
He ran wild and completely petrified.
When I came,
there was no soul shifter corpse.
He must have hid it in Cheonbugwan.
You must block all the exits so that
we can find the the soul shifter's body
before he removes it.
I suppose the truth will become clear
if we find the soul shifter's corpse.
I'll summon Songrim's mages
to investigate Cheonbugwan.
No. I cannot let him
just search Cheongbugwan
based solely on Jang Uk's ridiculous lie.
[suspenseful music playing]
Jang Uk.
The soul shifter
was a royal palace eunuch?
[Jang Uk] Yes, sire.
The eunuch I saw beside the Queen
on that day we dueled at Songrim.
Eunuch Oh,
which eunuch was there that day?
Eunuch Kim, Your Highness.
He serves the Queen.
First, we should check
whether he's still in the royal palace.
[Go Won] Go find out, Eunuch Oh.
That won't be necessary.
[tense music playing]
[woman] The Queen has arrived.
Bow before her!
Hello, Mother.
The Assistant Gwanju sent me a message.
I was so shocked, I had to come here.
Is it true?
Was a soul shifter found here?
[Go Won]
They claim the eunuch who served you
was a soul shifter.
And he ran wild
and petrified here at Cheonbugwan.
[queen gasps]
-Really?
-It's not true.
There's never been a soul shifter
who's run wild here.
It's just an absurd lie…
-that Jang Uk is inventing again.
-[Jin] It will become clear
whether or not it's a lie
when the eunuch is found.
Who is this eunuch?
The soul shifter he claims to have seen?
It's Eunuch Kim.
[chuckles]
That's interesting
because Eunuch Kim came here with me.
[tense music continues playing]
Eunuch Kim, please come inside.
Is he the eunuch…
that you claim to have seen here
running wild?
Yeah.
[Go Won] Didn't you say you were sure
that he had petrified?
You would accuse this man
when he's alive and well?
[Jang Uk] You're right.
He looks alive and well.
[queen] The only way to get out of this…
is if we bring this filthy thing
back to life.
[thrilling music playing]
[Jang Uk] The soul shifter is fine now.
If that's the power of the ice stone,
then I can save Mu-deok if she runs wild.
Mu-deok.
We must have been mistaken.
Ah, I guess so, young master.
You weren't mistaken. You blatantly lied.
He's standing there just fine,
so I guess everything I said
was a lie then.
He broke the constellation basin
and panicked
and then, he tried to weasel his way
out of it with these preposterous lies.
Jang Uk.
Is the Assistant Gwanju correct?
Yes, he is right.
Everything I said was a lie.
You entered Cheonbugwan without permission
and broke something valuable.
And then you tried to get out of it
by feeding us some ridiculous lie?
I'm sorry. I apologize.
Since he is a Songrim mage,
allow me to apologize on his behalf
as Songrim's leader.
I also apologize to you, Assistant Gwanju.
Songrim will repair
the constellation basin
that Jang Uk broke.
That's unnecessary.
[Jin] Not at all.
It's only right.
We'll take responsibility.
-I don't--
-Your Majesty.
Please give Songrim a chance
to make up for this.
You should let them do it, dear Mother.
Do as you wish, my dear.
I shall return back to the palace.
[exhales deeply]
I will send our people to Cheonbugwan
first thing tomorrow
and I will personally oversee the repairs.
As for now, I'll go back to Songrim
to punish our mage
for deceiving the royal family
and the people of Cheonbugwan.
-Let's go.
-Absolutely not.
Jang Uk must remain at Cheonbugwan
and receive punishment here.
[Go Won clears throat]
-Well, I also think that's--
-Oh, gosh, no, Your Highness.
Would you please save my young master?
Please, please,
don't let them take him back to Songrim.
[Mu-deok] If he gets dragged off,
I'm afraid that they might even
flog him to death this time.
He once got
flogged 100 times at Songrim.
-[Jang Uk sniffles]
-[Mu-deok] This time will be worse.
Please don't let that happen. Please?
Mu-deok, that's enough.
What I did was wrong.
I should be punished.
I also disrespected His Highness.
[groans softly]
I have no right to ask for mercy.
Are you saying you're going to go
willingly to your death, young master?
If the leader thinks I should die
what choice do I have?
[cries]
[sobs]
[Jang Uk sniffles]
You can take me.
[Mu-deok] Goodness, young master!
But you'll die, young master!
Oh, no, he's going to die! Oh, no!
I will make sure to punish him properly.
All right? Yes.
Wait. Hey.
Jang Uk will be severely punished.
So don't worry about this.
[Go Won] How ridiculous.
But…
I guess the honey biscuit story
was absurd to begin with.
The leader of Songrim
and Assistant Gwanju of Cheonbugwan
fighting over some honey biscuits?
[scoffs]
I mean…
what an outrageous excuse.
Right.
But how did the constellation basin break?
[Go Won inhales]
If it was struck by lightning,
that means the ceiling above it was open.
But I thought only those
who had reached Chisu could do that.
That is correct.
Jang Uk couldn't possibly
have reached Chisu.
So then how could something like this
have happened?
[Jin Mu] Was there another mage,
someone other than Jang Uk
who had reached Chisu?
But that would be impossible.
[ominous music playing]
[Sang-ho] We got out of there,
well, thanks to you, Mu-deok.
People let go if you say to hold on
and they hold on if you say to let go.
So you made a fuss on purpose?
That's clever.
I didn't think that they were really
going to be convinced by you alone,
so I got involved without permission.
I'm very sorry for surprising you.
I had no idea,
so it is true that I was surprised.
But you did well.
[Jang Uk] My Lord.
We weren't lying about any of it.
We clearly saw that Eunuch Kim
ran wild and petrified.
I knew you weren't lying.
I may be slow to pick up on hints,
but I can tell the difference
between a lie and the truth.
A petrified soul shifter
was brought back to life.
Does that mean
that they have the ice stone?
Songrim has been…
keeping an eye on Jin Mu of Cheonbugwan
for a while.
As we suspected…
it appears they do have the ice stone.
[foreboding music playing]
So you put the ice stone in my body, yes?
Its power is truly astounding.
It really feels like I am still alive.
[laughs]
Was Jang Uk the one
who made you petrified?
Just as I was about to suck out
his servant's energy,
suddenly, the energy in my body
was drained.
I lost consciousness.
You didn't see Jang Uk open the ceiling
above the basin either?
No, I did not.
[Jin Mu gasps]
Was there another mage there
other than Jang Uk?
There wasn't.
What if Jang Uk's already reached Chisu
and is merely hiding it?
When he tried to attack me just now,
he didn't seem to be that skilled.
But he mastered Ryusu
in an extremely short time.
So it's possible.
[eunuch Kim laughing]
[eunuch Kim]
Now that I have the ice stone,
does that mean I have reached Hwansu now?
[scoffs]
-The power of Hwansu is in your body.
-[laughs]
But you don't know anything
about casting spells, so…
you are unable to use it.
[scoffs]
But the ice stone is inside of me.
I brought you back to life temporarily
because we had to.
[groaning]
[eunuch Kim groaning]
[grunting]
[chuckles softly]
So the ice stone…
really can keep
a soul shifter from running wild.
We must find it and destroy it.
Bringing soul shifters back to life
when they must be killed instead.
Its power is truly evil.
But that is not…
[Jin] Uk, people will know
you're being punished,
so you shouldn't be at Songrim right now.
Stay at home for a while.
Yes. All right.
Mu-deok and I will head back home, sir.
Try not to cross paths with Jin Mu…
if you can.
Yes.
Let's go.
He'll destroy the ice stone
as soon as he finds it.
So we need to find it before he does.
What Gil-ju said was right.
The ice stone is inside the palace.
That means that the person
must be the Danju
with the ice stone.
[queen]
Be sure to take care of things here.
I'll have Court Lady Han by my side,
so relay your messages through her.
Yes, Your Majesty.
[queen] After what happened today,
Songrim will begin to suspect me.
This happened
because you underestimated Jang Uk.
I had no idea he'd break
through my barrier so easily.
He's a genius who reached Ryusu
in an instant.
And was born with the energy
of the King's Star.
I didn't underestimate him at first.
I also thought he might be special
because of his birth
so I kept my eye on him.
But Jang Uk turned out to be
a complete disappointment.
An average boy. Nothing special at all.
He was just a young master
who was full of himself,
angry at the world
and hiding his helplessness
by acting like he didn't care.
Never having the determination
to do anything,
so all you had to do was pacify him.
So what you're saying
is that he's changed.
I thought he was weak.
But he consumed poison
to open his gate of energy.
I thought he was full of himself
but he won against the Crown Prince.
What could have caused him
to change like that?
People can only change…
for other people.
Find the person who appeared
just when he began changing.
That's your answer.
Jang Uk was rejected by 12 masters,
but now, he's found his way.
Who could have helped him do that?
Master, why don't we go straight
to Danhyanggok?
Since I have to lie low for a while,
we have some time to go there.
Let's go train at Danhyanggok.
We can see how far up that tree
I can climb now.
[Mu-deok] It's freezing now
at Danhyanggok.
If it snows too much
and we get stuck there by any chance,
we could even starve to death.
I thought you said it was always warm
and there was plenty of food.
Didn't you say all that to Yul
when we were back there?
I… just said those things
to put him at ease.
[pensive music playing]
He was worried that his bird
might have struggled during the winter,
so I told him those things.
You mean the bird that he always called
with his whistle at Danhyanggok?
[sighs]
[exhales softly]
Jang Uk could've almost died
at Jin Mu's hand.
For now, I apologized for Uk
and got him out of there.
But there's a chance that Jin Mu
might try to hurt him again.
Fortunately,
I insisted on fixing the basin,
so we have an excuse to get back inside.
I want you two inside Cheonbugwan
with the laborers
and make sure to keep an eye on Jin Mu.
[both] Yes.
Hey, Sang-ho.
I heard that Mu-deok was also there today.
Do you know if she's all right?
Yes. She's fine.
[sighs softly]
Also, was the soul shifter who ran wild
and got petrified really alive?
Yes. That's why the leader had to leave
without saying anything.
Then how did Uk react to that?
He actually didn't seem too flustered.
He just kept asking the leader
if it really was the ice stone
that brought back the soul shifter
who ran wild.
He seemed to know
about the ice stone already.
So he saw a soul shifter
who'd ran wild come back to life.
The leader said
they'd be destroyed, naturally.
Both the soul shifters and the ice stone.
He said we must get rid
of all evil things.
[pensive music playing]
And what did Uk have to say about that?
This is just my hunch,
but he seemed to disagree with it.
Uk has always been carefree and stubborn.
However, he must let go
of his dangerous attitude toward sorcery.
You and Uk are close to each other,
so talk to him
and be sure to warn him about it.
[sighs]
Not only is Danhyanggok cold,
but it would mean that
we would be by ourselves.
And it's the best if we weren't
alone together from now on.
Why not though? All of a sudden?
I…
might devour your energy.
But you didn't run wild. Nothing happened
even after I touched you, right?
But I clearly absorbed the energy
of that eunuch.
I may seem fine now,
but we never know
when that might happen again.
["Breath" by Kim Na Young playing]
You could just run away,
or even kill me if it comes to it.
But if I'm the one who kills you…
it will be unbearable.
[soft chuckle]
Why are you laughing?
Is something funny to you?
It's just…
my heart raced.
You trying to save me…
meant more than what you said
when you missed me.
I guess the assassin finally replied…
to the naive young master's
confession of love.
["Breath" continues playing]
I'm going to find the ice stone
so you'll never need… my energy.
Then, you'll have to go against Park Jin.
Then I'll become as strong as he is.
[soft chuckle]
You just lost nine duels in a row
and even now, you're still so…
full of it.
Oh, the yin-yang jade.
I'll get that back first.
Also, how did you use the yin-yang jade
to call the Prince?
There's a way. It really does…
make your heart race. [clears throat]
[shudders]
[Jang Uk shivers]
[groans]
[brooding music playing]
[Go Won] Jang Uk, the so-called intruder,
had no sword.
But Jin Mu who claimed to be innocent did.
[sighs]
[maid Kim] Huh?
Young master.
Master Lee, what are you doing
at our house so late?
What are you doing in your house
instead of Songrim?
He's here on probation.
-Oh.
-"Probation"? So you're punished again?
What on earth did you do this time?
No, Maidservant Kim, that's not…
I don't want you to be shocked, okay?
[Jang Uk] It's more like a…
a fake probation. Yes. Uh,
it's more like a reward thing disguised
as a probation, so…
[nervous chuckle]
Yes, that's sort of correct.
[Master Lee] That is good to hear.
Tomorrow, let's go fishing
at Lake Gyeongcheondaeho.
[maid Kim] Good idea.
You should enjoy your time here
and you're really make the most of it
-by relaxing with Young Master Jang.
-[Jang Uk] Goodness.
I can't, Maidservant Kim.
I'm in no position to slack off.
Master Lee, I'm sorry
but you see, I've already lost
nine out of ten duels,
so everything is riding
on the one I have left.
[sucks teeth] I plan to use this time
to focus on training.
I hope you understand my situation.
You've become very diligent
since I saw you last.
Yes, well, if I really want to make
Maidservant Kim proud of me,
then I cannot slack off
by going fishing with you, Master Lee.
You should know, recently, you touch me
with your words every day.
[maid Kim] Very well.
Go ahead and train yourself.
And in the meantime, I'm going to cook
a delicious snack for you.
[Jang Uk breathes deeply]
[maid Kim sobs]
[Jang Uk chuckles]
[Jang Uk] Mm.
Tell me the truth now.
Why are you on probation?
Uh…
I broke the constellation basin
in Cheonbugwan.
[Jang Uk chuckles]
Please do not tell Maidservant Kim.
Earlier, a bolt of lightning
struck above Cheonbugwan.
I suppose that hit
the constellation basin.
We can't tell you anything in detail,
but it wasn't Young Master Jang's fault.
If you go to Songrim,
the leader will tell you everything.
[Jang Uk] I'll lend you a fishing rod.
Back when I used to enjoy fishing,
I would collect all kinds
of different high-quality fishing rods.
I'll get them for you.
[Master Lee] Ugh.
What a pity.
If he came with me, I was going
to teach him how to catch a Golden Fish.
A Golden Fish?
You mean, the legendary golden fish
that can only be found
in Lake Gyeongcheondaeho?
So you also know about the fish?
I've heard of it.
It grows with the lake's energy.
So only mages who have mastered
Chisu or above are able to catch it.
You truly know many things, Mu-deok.
The feeling of catching that fish
as you tussle with it,
the energy of Lake Gyeongcheondaeho…
[inhales deeply]
It's fantastic.
Please, Master Lee, you must teach
Young Master Jang how that feels.
He said he was busy.
[Jang Uk] Master Lee. Master Lee.
Master Lee, take a look at this.
This one is the best one.
It's made with bamboo--
He's not busy. Starting tomorrow,
Young Master Jang
will go fishing with you.
What do you mean? I need to train now.
Jang Uk, right now, you need
a fishing rod, not a sword.
You need to go the lake,
so you can catch a Golden Fish.
Huh?
[epic music]
[Master Lee] This looks like a nice spot.
No, no. No, Master Lee.
I've already tried to fish here before.
The water is too cold.
There's no seaweeds,
so the fish don't swim here.
And we didn't even bring
any of the nice rods.
What's going on right now?
When catching a Golden Fish,
you must use a rod that bends easily.
[Master Lee] Just like this one.
So is that the bait for the Golden Fish?
It's snacks.
Maid Kim packed them for Master Lee.
Just in case he gets hungry.
Maidservant Kim is just such a kind woman.
But, the bait. The bait.
Where's the bait? Come on.
We need worms or mudfish
or something like that.
Wait. What are…
[Jang Uk chuckles]
You're going to fish without bait.
I told you already.
Golden Fish only feed on energy.
[Master Lee] My energy flowing down
through this bamboo stick,
will be all the bait we need.
That's all?
Young Master Jang,
you should do the same as Master Lee.
[Mu-deok grunts]
Go on.
[Jang Uk sighs]
Now, we just need to control
the energy of lake
and wait for a Golden Fish to bite.
[epic music playing]
Mu-deok.
I feel so stupid doing this.
Do I really have to continue?
[Jang Uk sighs]
Look, it's biting the hook.
And that's the Golden Fish.
[Master Lee] It's a lump of water made
from the energy of Lake Gyeongcheondaeho.
That's why only those
who've mastered Chisu can catch it
because they can control
the water's energy.
I haven't been fishing for a while.
But I must say, it still feels great
to be able to catch a Golden Fish.
So the Golden Fish is not an actual fish
I guess.
Master Lee didn't bring you here to fish.
He's here to help you
reach the level of Chisu.
[Mu-deok] Only those who can catch lumps
of energy out of Lake Gyeongcheondaeho…
are able to master Chisu.
"Chisu"?
-Go slowly.
-[stammers] Slowly.
You're too hurried. Go slowly.
Slowly.
[ominous music playing]
Cheonbugwan must have found
another blind lady.
Young Lady Jin says they bring in several
from all over the country
every single day.
-Let's go in.
-Okay.
[Ho-gyeong] So you are saying that
there could be a soul shifter
hidden within every family
that lost someone to Naksu,
and you want to use Jinyowon's relics
to find all of them?
We were waiting for the soul shifter
who ran wild at Daegangtongun to tell us,
but we cannot just keep waiting.
Because last night,
we found another soul shifter.
Yes, I heard.
There was a eunuch at Cheonbugwan
who was a soul shifter.
Jin Mu must have already visited Jinyowon.
My brother, Jin Mu, told me Songrim
sent someone to Cheonbugwan
and hurled false accusations at him.
He's very upset.
To clear his name, we'll find out
if he's using sorcery,
we need Jinyowon's relics
and the power of its leader.
Please help me.
I am sorry but…
I may have to refuse.
It is the utmost disgrace for a mage
to be accused of sorcery.
If we start going around
investigating mages without any evidence,
it will anger many people.
They will begin to resent Jinyowon.
I heard Jin Mu…
has been searching
for your eldest daughter who's missing.
Did he ask you
not to cooperate with Songrim
in return for helping you
find your eldest daughter?
-That's completely irrelevant.
-[Jin] No, it is not.
Your attitude toward Songrim has suddenly
changed lately for no apparent reason.
And are you expecting me
without questioning to just comply
with whatever you command?
The people of Jinyowon
are not merely loyal minions to Songrim,
who follow every order you give.
-Lady Jin--
-Please leave my home.
[Ho-gyeong] There is someone else
I must meet with now.
[tense music playing]
Once they find your older sister,
then there will be no other obstacles
that could possibly come between us.
That's because Songrim and Jinyowon
are close to each other.
Uh, also…
-here.
-[gasps]
This is the ornament
that I said was pretty last time.
They said someone have reserved it,
so I couldn't buy it.
How did you get it though?
I paid that person
a lot more than its original price.
Because I thought you would like it.
That makes me even more happy then.
[gasps] Uh, the fact that you are happy
makes me even more
more, more, more, more,
more, more, more, more happy than that.
-You!
-[gasps, laughs]
-[Cho-yeon giggles]
-[groans]
Why does my uncle look so upset?
Has something terrible happened?
I think he had an argument
with Jinyowon's leader.
[melancholy music playing]
I drew a red mole
behind her left ear, sir.
Bu-yeon also has a scar on her right arm
from when she fell as a child.
It is approximately
a third of a finger length long.
[ominous music playing]
[groans]
[breathing heavily]
[ominous music continues playing]
This is how you become Jin Bu-yeon.
Endure it.
From the smallest mole to the last scar,
we'll engrave every tiny detail
that her mother remembers.
Yes.
I will pour acid on your skin
so that the scar is clearer.
[gasps, panting]
[groans]
[water sloshing]
[sighs]
What kind of fish is Young Master Jang
trying to catch
that he needs to spend
so much time at that lake?
I should probably go
and bring them some food.
[maid Kim] I'll ask Mr. Lee to do that.
I want you here
to help me out with something else.
We're holding memorial service,
so we must clean the house
and prepare plenty of food.
Whose memorial?
A young girl who died a pitiful death.
She had a difficult relationship
with our family,
so I'm holding a ceremony
to soothe her soul.
[Mr. Lee] Maidservant Kim.
I'm back from the temple.
-[maid Kim] All right.
-Here is
-the oration the Buddhist monk wrote.
-[maid Kim] Oh.
Oh, goodness, this is great.
[maid Kim] But where are their names?
He should have written down the names
of the spirits this is for.
[Mr. Lee] Oh, no.
Oh, they're right down there.
"Cho Chung, Cho Yeong."
[Mu-deok] Cho Yeong? That's my name.
[maid Kim] Oh, yes. I see it now.
"Cho Chung, Cho Yeong."
[maid Kim sighs relievedly]
He wrote it wonderfully.
Mr. Lee, please come with me.
I need you to deliver food
to Young Master Jang.
[Mr. Lee] Yes, ma'am.
[Mu-deok] Is this memorial service…
for me and my father?
[huffs]
Mushroom rice, my favorite.
Maidservant Kim really is a great cook.
[tense music playing]
It bit! I got one!
[grunts]
[music distorts]
[quirky music playing]
This one was caught by the worm
I put on the hook earlier.
It'll be a good side dish.
Oh, gosh.
Mm.
Do not rush yourself.
One day, you'll have the same feeling
that you get
when a Golden Fish
finally latches onto your hook.
The power to control the water's energy,
Chisu.
Yes.
But Master Lee, you already helped me
read Words of the Heart.
May I ask the reason
why you keep trying to help me?
Is there any chance,
the reason you're doing this
is a secret or something?
Something you don't know.
Do you really think I don't know?
It's my family.
It's Maidservant Kim. Am I wrong?
I mean, you compliment her nonstop
and you're always talking about her.
Huh. And that pink scarf you're wearing.
I can tell that it's from
Maidservant Kim's favorite shop.
She gave you that scarf, right?
And most importantly,
I saw the dried wildflowers
in Maidservant Kim's room.
And I saw them everywhere at Danhyanggok.
You picked them and gave them to her,
didn't you?
-Yes, I did.
-Ah. I knew it.
But I thought you practiced chastity…
I'm not--
[stammers]
My feelings for her are not worldly.
I just think that she is beautiful
and warm-hearted.
That's all there is to it.
That's the same thing
as just saying that you like her.
And anyway, what between a man
and woman isn't profane.
What about you?
You're a man and Mu-deok is a woman.
What does that make you two?
Well, as for me…
I do like her.
[Jang Uk chuckles softly]
I can't believe I'm talking about this
with a man who practices chastity.
Anyways, Maidservant Kim has had feelings
for someone else for a while.
I hope you don't end up getting hurt.
I should be the one saying that to you.
I heard that Mu-deok likes Yul.
Did you hear that from Dang-gu?
What a profane topic, huh?
You're not the only one I spend time with.
[Jang Uk sighs]
Worldly discussions can…
can sometimes be helpful.
From Yul's story about his first love,
I was able to learn about Naksu,
the shadow assassin.
[pensive music playing]
The girl he described meeting
at Danhyanggok when he was young…
was really Naksu.
He knew it was her when he saw his whistle
on her dead body.
I know that you overheard my conversation
with Jin at Sejukwon.
So I'm guessing that you already know
the story of Naksu.
You should go home early today.
Warm-hearted Maidservant Kim
is holding a memorial service
for a child who died a pitiful death.
[men grunting]
[man] That will do just fine.
The constellation basin is fixed.
So you can take your laborers
and return back to Songrim.
Mm-mmm. We can't leave
before it's perfect.
[man] Cheonbugwan thinks it's good enough.
What do you want this time?
Hey. Hey, do you see that?
The lower part of the basin
is a different color from the top part.
We should change the lower part as well.
You've changed it dozens of times already.
I'm telling you, it's fine.
Songrim's leader promised
to take responsibility and return
the basin to its original state.
We can't let a single flaw slide.
Construction usually takes
a day or two at most.
But this is taking a bit.
It seems that you feel pretty uneasy
about having us here.
Uneasy about what?
It just seems to me that Songrim
is wasting quite a bit of everyone's time.
And also their money.
[chuckles]
You don't have to worry about money
when it comes to Songrim.
[scoffs]
[Jin Mu] Yul, the last time I saw you,
you seemed quite skilled.
Have you mastered Chisu?
-Yes.
-[Jin Mu] Hmm.
Then that must make you
the very first mage in Jeongjingak
to have mastered Chisu.
[Jin Mu] How fitting for the son
of General Seo of Seoho Fortress.
So he's a Jeongjingak mage.
[Seo Yul] You cannot drag people off
against their will.
[man grunts]
[gasps]
Are you able to stand?
[Yeom-su] What are you looking at?
[So-i] Is he a Jeongjingak mage?
-Is his name Seo Yul?
-[Yeom-su] Yes.
And they're sons of prestigious families
which means they're out of your league.
Don't wander around and stay hidden.
He may be out of my league
as So-i, a wandering thief.
But as Jin Bu-yeon,
future leader of Jinyowon…
I still might have a chance.
[maid Kim] It is for Master Jang's friend
and his daughter.
There are no graves for either of them,
and I bet no one's ever held
a memorial for them.
So I thought I should hold at least one.
Maidservant Kim.
[maid Kim] Hmm?
Thank you for this.
Hmm?
That's what they would say.
I imagine they are truly grateful.
[chuckles softly]
It's a relief for me to hear that.
Leave the incense sticks
till they burn out.
[melancholy music playing]
CHO CHUNG, CHO YEONG
[sobbing]
Father…
Young Master Jang went fishing.
He'll be back shortly, so you can wait
for him inside if you'd like.
Did Mu-deok also go together with him?
Mu-deok is here at home
because she was busy preparing
for a memorial.
[Mu-deoks sniffles]
CHO CHUNG, CHO YEONG
[Seo Yul] If I had not…
left you there in the mountains back then,
you wouldn't be suffering like this,
holding back your tears
and pretending to be someone else.
And yet, even now,
I can't seem to tell you that…
I know who you really are.
[breathes shakily]
CHO CHUNG, CHO YEONG
[maid Kim] Oh.
The incense burned out.
Yes.
It did.
You've been here this whole time?
Let's clean up.
[maid Kim sighs]
[flame crackling]
[dramatic music playing]
[Jang Uk sighs]
You're back. I heard you went fishing.
Yeah, I just got back.
You're alone? Where's Dang-gu?
Dang-gu is busy with something else.
I think meeting someone.
Mm, I see.
What brings you here though?
The leader has ended your probation.
He wants you to come back to Songrim.
Hmm. That was faster than I expected.
Why don't you sit down? We'll have
some drinks. I need to talk to you.
Sorry, I can't drink right now.
There's something I have to do
back in Songrim.
All right. Then I'll tell you tomorrow
at Jeongjingak.
You're definitely going
to be surprised by it.
Uk, I'll be returning back
to Seoho Fortress soon.
I promised my father that
I would train at Jeongjingak
until I mastered Chisu.
Master Heo has already written
to my father,
so he might write for me to return soon.
Then I'll have to go.
But that's so far away.
Ugh. Dang-gu and I
are going to miss you so much.
When I go back to Seoho Fortress,
there's someone I'd like to bring with me.
[pensive music playing]
-Who?
-I can't say now.
I will tell you soon.
I should get back. See you tomorrow.
All right. Bye.
["Love Letter (with you)"
by BIG Naughty playing]
[Seo Yul] I just wanted to see them.
I just like seeing them a lot.
["Love Letter (with you)"
continues playing]
They can prevent the petrification
by feeding on others' energy.
But once they do that, they are…
no longer human, but a monster.
Protecting this world from such monsters
is our duty.
[Jang Uk]
I wonder if Yul knows everything.
[Seo Yul]
When I go back to Seoho Fortress,
there's someone I'd like to bring with me.
[Mu-deok] Young master.
Oh?
Did Seo Yul leave?
Maidservant Kim sent me with these.
I think he meant you.
What? Yul said something?
I'm returning to Songrim.
So that's why you look upset.
As soon as you return, Beom will ask you
to fight for him for your last duel.
You're afraid to lose.
[inhales] I will not lose.
[epic music playing]
I finally caught it.
Today is Jang Uk's final duel.
[exhale deeply]
[Go Won] The bettor and I have agreed,
the prize for today's winner
will not be a gold toad
but instead, something else.
The prize for today's duel…
is this servant.
-[man] What?
-[crowd murmuring]
-[scoffs]
-I have agreed to serve…
the winner of today's duel as my master.
-What's going on?
-[Go Won] All right, then.
Jang Uk's final challenger,
step forward.
[scoffs]
["Scars Leave Beautiful Trace"
by Car, the garden playing]
Jang Uk.
The person you have to fight against today
will be me.
[Jin] Uk was born with a fate that
could bring about chaos in this world.
And he draws the full attention
of the entire world.
I need someone who will win for sure.
[Seo Yul] Then I have to beat Uk
and take her in as my servant.
[Go Won] Has he somehow mastered all
of his opponents' spells and techniques?
-[Mu-deok] I need to find it.
-[Go Won] You should also lose something.
Your heart-wrenching love
will be thrown away.
[Mu-deok]
Only after will I be able to face Uk.
[Jin] Talk to everyone
that you can find there.
Find out exactly who she is.
[Mu-deok] "Eyes brimming with sweetness,"
yeah, right.
You don't see me as a woman.
I'll do it. So don't go
changing your mind later.
All right, go ahead.
[Mu-deok] The truth is that I like
my young master a lot.